[DOCS] Update re-ranking intro to remove confusion about stages (#114302)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/reranking/index.asciidoc

[[re-ranking-overview]]
= Re-ranking

Many search systems are built on multi-stage retrieval pipelines.

> Earlier stages uses cheap, fast algorithms to find a broad set of possible matches.

Author: ```suggestion
Earlier stages use cheap, fast algorithms to find a broad set of possible matches.
```

> Later stages uses a more powerful model, often machine learning-based, to reorder the documents.

Author: ```suggestion
Later stages use more powerful models, often machine learning-based, to reorder the documents.
```
